[Music]
hi you more yes
dear God it takes nothing special to mop
up after the decrepit in the time can
you feel that
yep yep to save a soul that's quite
something
bless Amanda's body and Willis her mind
which is shrouded in darkness when you
pray you get a response to me it's like
he's physically in me it's how he guides
me he's just there
he's everywhere
[Music]
Maude is looking out for me you see to
save my soul if I understand correctly
you must be the loneliest girl I've ever
seen I just want to see you loosen up
I've got more important things on my
mind Lord he isn't real
this is life and death oh yes of course
never waste your pain
you